Add faq about names in multiple scripts (#380)
FamilySearch/GEDCOM.io: _pages/techfaqs.md

some implementations are known to infer that the first NAME occuring is a "preferred" one to use
for display.

## How do I deal with names that have multiple representations in different scripts?

Some cultures use multiple scripts to represent the same names.  For example, a Korean

> name has up to three forms that are all in active use in genealogical records:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
name may have three forms that are all in active use in genealogical records:
```

Hangul (the modern script), Hanja (the Sino-Korean characters used in historical records),
and Romanized (for international interoperability). These can be represented using `NAME`.`TRAN`
as follows, where the lack of a space in the first two forms is intentional:

```
1 NAME /신/정구
2 LANG ko
2 GIVN 정구
2 SURN 신
2 TRAN /愼/靜九
3 LANG ko-Hani
2 TRAN /Sin/ Jeong-gu
3 LANG ko-Latn
```

> Japanese names also share this multi-script requirement, often needing

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Japanese names also use multiple scripts, often needing
```

representations in Kanji (historical/standardizing characters), Hiragana or
Katakana (for pronunciation), and Romaji (Latin script), such as:

```
1 NAME /山田/太郎
2 LANG ja
2 GIVN 太郎
2 SURN 山田
2 TRAN /やまだ/たろう
3 LANG ja-Hira
2 TRAN /Yamada/ Tarō
3 LANG ja-Latnare
```

Chinese names similarly have multiple forms.

Vietnamese genealogical records—particularly older family registers
(*gia phả*)—were historically recorded using Chữ Hán or Chữ Nôm
(Sino-Vietnamese characters). Modern documentation relies on the
Latin-based Chữ Quốc ngữ. Providing both ensures historical accuracy
while maintaining modern readability.

```
1 NAME /Nguyễn/ Văn Nam
2 LANG vi
2 GIVN Văn Nam
2 SURN Nguyễn

> 2 TRAN /阮/ 文南

Author: ```suggestion
2 TRAN /阮/文南
```

3 LANG vi-Hani
```

Mongolian records often require transitioning between the modern
Cyrillic alphabet and the traditional, vertical Mongolian script.
Additionally, because Mongolian names typically utilize a patronymic
rather than a true inherited family surname, capturing the exact
script representations is vital for accurate record-keeping.

```
0 @i5@ INDI
1 NAME Дамдины /Сүхбаатар/
2 LANG mn-Cyrl

> 2 GIVN Сүхбаатар
> 2 SURN Дамдины

Author: ```suggestion
2 GIVN Дамдины
2 SURN Сүхбаатар
```

> 2 TRAN ᠳᠠᠮᠳᠢᠨ ᠤ /ᠰᠦᠬᠡᠪᠠᠭᠠᠲᠤᠷ/

Author: ```suggestion
1 NAME /Дамдины/ Сүхбаатар
2 LANG mn-Cyrl
2 GIVN Сүхбаатар
2 SURN Дамдины
2 TRAN /ᠳᠠᠮᠳᠢᠨ ᠤ/ ᠰᠦᠬᠡᠪᠠᠭᠠᠲᠤᠷ
```

3 LANG mn-Mong
```

Note: In this example, the patronymic is placed within the surname

> slashes and tagged with SURN to align with common software display

Author: ```suggestion
slashes and tagged with `SURN` to align with common software display
```
